README.md, before:

# Asteroids AI

Brandon Bires-Navel

## Directory Structure and Running the Program
All source code is listed under the `/src` directory. There are two ways to run 
the program, the `gym-play1.py` can be ran as normal and the main function hasn't 
been modified as instructed in the project outline. Additionally, I copied and 
partly modified the main function from `gym-play1.py` and added it to `asteroids_agent.py` 
and added a command parser to run the program with other options like being able to 
choose the agent. The usage for that is the following:  
  
`Usage: asteroids_agents.py [-h] [--runs N] [--seed S] agent`  
Possible agents include: `random`, `dis-min`, and `deg-min`  
Example: `python asteroids_agents.py dis-min --runs 1 --seed 123`  
  
Running these programs requires gym, gym-atari and a python version of 3.6 or higher, 
as specified in the included Pipfile
  
### Packages
`agents`: Contains classes and an abstract class for controlling the behavior of the various agents  
`models`: Classes for keeping track of various points of data for the game board as well as the various 
objects that appear on them
`util`: Debug util functions and util functions for matrix or other math related operations

### Other Files
`Project 1.pdf`: A writeup for this project

Commit message:

Readme addition for running the base main method

README.md, after:

# Asteroids AI

Brandon Bires-Navel

## Directory Structure and Running the Program
All source code is listed under the `/src` directory. There are two ways to run 
the program, the `gym-play1.py` can be ran as normal and the main function hasn't 
been modified as instructed in the project outline. Additionally, I copied and 
partly modified the main function from `gym-play1.py` and added it to `asteroids_agent.py` 
and added a command parser to run the program with other options like being able to 
choose the agent. The usage for that is the following:  
  
`Usage: asteroids_agents.py [-h] [--runs N] [--seed S] agent`  
Possible agents include: `random`, `dis-min`, and `deg-min`  
Example: `python asteroids_agents.py dis-min --runs 1 --seed 123`  
  
Running these programs requires gym, gym-atari and a python version of 3.6 or higher, 
as specified in the included Pipfile.
  
If you do not wish to use the asteroids_agents as your main file, you can uncomment the 
agent you wish to run in the `gym-play1.py` file on lines 11-13. The DirectionMinimizing agent is set 
by default.
  
### Packages
`agents`: Contains classes and an abstract class for controlling the behavior of the various agents  
`models`: Classes for keeping track of various points of data for the game board as well as the various 
objects that appear on them
`util`: Debug util functions and util functions for matrix or other math related operations

### Other Files
`Project 1.pdf`: A writeup for this project
